Yeah, we always collected lots of data.
And one of the things we did a lot was called regression testing.
At the time, we didn't know what the name was,
but it was very obvious what to do,
which is you collect data and we collect especially data sets if something goes wrong.
And then we fix what's wrong with that data,
we replay that data.
We build our software so every data set could just
be replayed as if the real car was running with the real processes.
And then we hope that the software fix would fix the problem.
But we wouldn't toss the data afterwards, we'd keep it.
And the reason is: we wanted to test,
not just on the most recent data,
but also on older data.
So, we would be able to say,
okay we fixed the problem over here,
but then the question would be,
have we maybe accidentally used a new problem?
And very often what happens if we fix the problem over here,
and then this old data set over here would completely break.
And it was really important to us to understand this.
We almost used the old data as old simulation.
We didn't really use simulation at the time,
but we wanted this old data around as a test overnight.
So, we would have to re-drive everything from scratch.
And in doing so we were able to change software carefully with
minimum exposure to what's working already because we're
always had the old data around to test of what you already built.